docs(data): correct doc for disabling change tracking (2288) (#2290)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/data/entity-change-tracker.md

Its `originalValue` stays the same.
Undoing the change will restore the entity to the collection in its pre-update state.

<a id="merge-strategy"></a>

### Merge Strategies

> You can determine how NgRx will merge entities after query or save or a cache operation by setting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can determine how NgRx will merge entities after a query, a save, or a cache operation by setting the
```

Author: Done

entity action's optional `mergeStrategy` property to one of the three strategy enums:

1. `IgnoreChanges` - Update the collection entities and ignore all change tracking for this operation. The ChangeState is untouched.

2. `PreserveChanges` -  Updates current values for unchanged entities. 

> If entities are changed, preserves their current values and overwrites their originalValues with the merge entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If entities are changed, preserves their current values and overwrites their original values with the merged entity.
```

Author: Thanks. Rewrote these sentences for clarity.
